.. _changes_v3_0:

===========================
Version 3.0 (July 12, 2026)
===========================

This release turns the library into an installable Python package and adds a programmatic API, a command-line interface, and the DLML Explorer web app. The model data itself is unchanged and remains backward compatible.

Added
-----

- **Installable package:** the library is published to PyPI as ``simcenter-dlml`` (imported as ``dlml``), with the model data bundled inside the wheel — no runtime download.
- **Python API** (``import dlml``) for discovering datasets and reading model parameters, metadata, and input schemas: ``list_datasets``, ``available_collections``, ``get_fragility`` / ``get_consequence_repair`` / ``get_loss_repair`` / ``get_parameters``, ``get_metadata``, ``get_schema``, ``get_file``, and ``validate_asset`` / ``validate_assets``.
- **Command-line interface** (``dlml``): ``dlml explorer`` launches the web app; ``dlml list`` and ``dlml info`` inspect the packaged datasets.
- **DLML Explorer** web app (the ``simcenter-dlml[explorer]`` extra) for searching, visualizing, and assembling project-specific model collections.
- Test suite, continuous integration, and PyPI trusted publishing.

Changed
-------

- **Distribution:** the project is now distributed as a pip-installable package in addition to being bundled with Pelicun; the source moved to a ``src/dlml`` layout with the data under ``src/dlml/data``.
- **Self-contained:** the core library, its API, and the documentation build no longer require Pelicun. The package now bundles the CSV-parsing helper (``convert_to_MultiIndex``) and the controlled vocabularies it validates against (the recognized demand types and probability-distribution families), so the core install depends only on pandas, numpy, and jsonschema.

Distribution
------------

- Version 3.0 is distributed through PyPI as ``simcenter-dlml``. The GitHub repository's ``releases/latest`` continues to point to v2.1.0, so existing Pelicun (≤3.9) installations — which download the model data from the latest GitHub release — keep working unchanged. Subsequent v3.x updates are published to PyPI.
